Examination Room
Trainer, you're overreacting!
I feel totally fine.
Better safe than sorry.
It doesn't hurt to have him take a look.
I hope this doesn't take long! I wanna
start my training for the Kikkashou.
Tokai Teio-san?
What's up?
Your leg is broken.
It's a fracture.
You won't be racing again
until spring of next year.
I want you to check into the hospital.
Please be quiet
in the hospital
Th-The hospital?!
No way! No way, no way, no way, no way!
You're sure it's broken?
It is.
For now, I'm going to give
her something for the pain.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
What did you just say?
I said, I'm running in the Kikkashou!
Running? But you're...
Fire
Extinguisher
Episode 2
Never Gonna Give It Up!
It's gonna take six months to heal,
and I'm not running
until next spring?
What do I care?
You seriously think that's gonna
get me to give up on the Kikkashou?
You aren't, are you?
I'm gonna enter! And I'm gonna win!
All right, then... guess I better
come up with a plan.
I'm counting on you! I have to do this to
become an undefeated Triple Crown winner.
I know, I know...
But the first step is to cooperate,
and get admitted to the hospital.
But I hate hospitals...
TOKAI TEIO DIAGNOSED WITH FRACTURED LEG
WITH SIX-MONTH RECOVERY EXPECTED,
IS HER ENTRY IN THE KIKKASHOU IN DANGER?
She's in the hospital?!
No way! But she was in perfect shape
during the race and the concert!
Tokai Teio's Leg Fracture
Tokai Teio would've totally won the Kikkashou
if she was able to run in it.
But there's no way she makes it in time now.
That's the thing!
T
r
a
i
n
e
r
's
O
f
i
c
e
Diet and Nutrition
Human Movement Analysis
Practical!  Rehabilitation Techniques
You Can Use At Home
Scientific Papers
on Running
Rehabilitation
for Broken Legs
The Kikkashou's in November.
All right!
I'm back!
T-Teio?!
You're already out of the hospital?
Yeah!
Well, you're acting like you're fine!
There goes our peace and quiet.
Oh, please, you were so worried about her!
Teio, I've got it right here.
Perfect Plan
for Tokai Teio's
Return to Racing
at the Kikkashou
The perfect plan for Tokai Teio's
return to racing at the Kikkashou!
Look at all that!
Pretty amazing, right?
What's wrong, guys?
Trainer-san, are you being serious?
I sure am.
If Teio hasn't given up yet,
I'll do everything I can to support her.
That's what I've decided.
And I'm not giving up!
I'm gonna make my comeback at the Kikkashou!
Make me one promise, though.
What's that?
We'll hang in there until the last minute.
But if the doctor says it's a no-go,
then you have to give it up.
Okay! I know!
You scared me! What?!
I'm just so touched right now!
Teio! I'll help you any way I can!
Coming from you, that's kind of scary.
I want your dream to
come true, too, Teio-san!
I'm gonna make it happen. I'll be
an undefeated Triple Crown winner!
It doesn't seem like there's any
room for argument, here.
True enough. And if you give up—
Hang in there, Teio!
You know I will!
All right, let's get started!
The first step on your path to the Kikkashou!
It looks like Teio-san's out of the hospital.
Yes. She came to see me
as soon as she got out.
I'm back, Prez!
You got out of the hospital quickly.
I know, right?
Just watch, Prez! I'll be
running again in no time!
That's really something.
It's going to be a battle
with herself from now on.
Just like what you went through.
Right.
Begin!
What part of your rehabilitation is this?
It's called image training.
You're gonna imagine what it's
like once you're running again.
Watch the others run, and always be
thinking about what you would do!
If it was me at this speed...
Once I was in a good position,
I'd hang onto it.
Spe-chan and Gold Ship are both
great at closing the distance.
But with that pressure on me, I'd keep
my back to them all the way through.
In that case, be sure to get a
good look at how I run, too.
Although I'm not sure you'll be able
to keep up, even in your imagination.
Trainer-san! I'd like to join in next.
Teio! These used to be mine,
but you can have them.
Heavy!
What are these?
Weights?
How heavy are the dumbbells you lift, Teio?
Vodka! That isn't fair, getting ahead of me!
What does it matter?
Teio, use this!
It's important to work on your
mental health at times like this!
Thanks!
Teio!
I want you to use this. My S.S. Golshi.
How do you ride it?
You just gotta...
H-huh?
It's stuck.
Teio-san...
Maybe it's in a bad mood.
Can I come by your room tonight?
Come on, work with me here!
Tips for rehabilitation?
Right, I thought you'd be the
best person to ask, Suzuka-san.
I'm sorry, Suzuka. I told
her not to bother, but...
I'm relieved. You seem to be doing
better than I worried you might.
Yeah, same here. Have you lost weight?
I think so.
It took me a while to get
used to the food over here.
Suzuka-san,
do you want me to send more carrots?!
I've got plenty, thank you.
Teio, congratulations on the Derby.
Thanks.
You're going to try for the Kikkashou?
Yeah.
That's going to make for
a rough rehab period.
Are you prepared?
Yeah!
The most important thing is
to not push yourself too hard.
If you rush it, you could
end up injuring yourself again.
Our Trainer said the same thing.
But there's so little time...
I know. And I understand how you feel.
But getting plenty of rest is
an important part of rehab.
And there are things you can
do while you're resting, too.
Teio...
What the hell is she doing?
Research.
Research?!
Suzuka-san gave her some advice yesterday.
Winning Data for Every Race
The Racing Textbook
Racing Theory for the Committed
Everything There Is To Learn About Turf
All right, I've got some stuff to teach her!
It's a bad idea to try make your move right
before the third corner of
the outer track in Kyoto!
Aw, would you keep it down?
Got that? No matter what!
That last race was a close one.
Hey...
What would you say if I told you I was
thinking about entering the Kikkashou?
Kikkashou?! G-1?!
It probably wouldn't work... right?
I wanna enter, too!
Turbo-san, you'd need to win more first.
Then I will!
I'll totally win the next race!
If I can keep coming in first place
with the next few races, can I manage?
Give me just a second.
You're feeling fired up,
huh, Nature? How come?
Teio might still be running in it.
Tokai Teio?
But she's...
She hasn't given up.
So... I might not be up for it, but...
If I win this, this, and the Kokura Kinen...
Will I be able to enter?
Uh, yes.
Let's get cracking on some training, then!
Okay, I'm gonna give this a try!
Aim for a G1 Win!
You can do it, Teio!
I watch all your races!
What?
What? What?!
What, what, what?! What the heck?
What is all this?!
You want to be ready in time
for the Kikkashou, right?
This is the Mejiro family physical therapist.
I'm the physical therapist.
Acupuncturist.
I'm the acupuncturist.
Chef.
I'm the chef.
Patissier.
I'm the patissier.
You are welcome to spend the weekend
relaxing here at the estate
in luxury, Teio-sama.
O-Okay... McQueen, what's going on?
I thought it'd be a good idea
to use every resource available.
The family physician is also available.
That's me.
Why do you have that needle?!
Because I am the young lady's family doctor.
That doesn't explain anything!
I'll be taking my leave, then.
If there's anything you're
unclear on, let me know.
I just said I don't get what's going on!
McQueen... don't abandon me... please...
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
The cast is off!
I won't have to wear the
brace for long, either.
This is where it gets serious. Got it?
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
You wanna run, Teio?
Of course I do!
Well, hold back!
Take that desire to run
and convert it to energy!
You're gonna need to teach your
leg again that it's a runner's leg!
Yeah!
Stay focused, Spe.
I just keep wondering how she's doing.
The only thing we can really do for
Teio is to show her our backs as we run.
Right!
Nicely put, McQueen!
And with that being the case...
Hey, no fair!
I'm going, too!
You wanna take me on?!
I won't be outdone!
Argh, I wanna run, too!
That's the spirit! Don't forget that feeling!
May I sit here?
Sure!
How are you doing?
Right on schedule! What else did you expect?
You really are something, Teio.
You seem to be doing well, too, Nature.
You're on a three-win streak.
I guess I am.
Pardon me.
Hey, you came.
Nature, who's this?
Canopus has another new member.
I'm Ikuno Dictus.
I
k
u
n
o
D
i
c
t
u
s
It's a pleasure to meet you.
N-Nice to meet you!
Canopus is aiming to become
the school's foremost team.
We are?
Were you not the one who suggested
we aim high, Nature-san?
I guess so!
I think I remember saying that.
It's all right.
If we execute my plan, it's possible
for us to achieve that goal.
What we need in order to accomplish that
is an overwhelming amount of experience.
As well as the robust physicality
and steely mentality
I guess your team's got
another interesting new girl.
I guess.
necessary to withstand such rigorous rotation.
Anyway, Teio...
I'm fully aware that it won't be a
simple task to achieve these things.
I'm going to be entering the trials.
But I believe that a single tangible experience
And if I win there, I'll
be racing in the Kikkashou.
is more valuable than
100 theoretical situations.
And no experience is more valuable than racing.
I'll be waiting.
It is all about racing.
Because it's my dream to beat you.
Which is to say that in
training to race,
races themselves are a
part of your training.
There is a school of thought that says
Right!
to train like you're in
the actual competition.
Thus, by all means...
October
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Goal
It's gotta have milk!
You need that calcium.
Oranges! For Vitamin C!
Honey is a necessity as well!
Carrots! It needs carrots! Even if it
has nothing else, it needs carrots!
Sounds good to me!
And then we'll throw in some
garlic for stamina boosting.
Teio!
What're you doing?
We were coming up with
a special drink for you!
Honestly, and with my
Tennoushou race coming up.
Do some taste-testing for us.
No garlic, though.
Why the hell not?
You guys are gonna listen
to my opinion, right?
So, can I put the garlic in?
Obviously not!
October
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Tennoushou (Fall)
T
r
a
i
n
e
r
's
O
f
i
c
e
Practical Manual for
Diagnosis During Rehab
Kikkashou Registration Form
Spica
Tokai Teio
What else do we do?
Change her shoes?
But having her run in shoes
she's not used to isn't realistic.
There's a hot springs for
horse girls in Iwaki.
But doing something like that,
so suddenly, carries a lot of risk.
There are tights that work like
support tape, but this is the G-1.
There's just not enough time to incorporate
it into her ensemble.
Look at the mess you've made!
Teio? How'd it go at the hospital?
I've gotta keep my promise, huh?
We hang in there until the last minute.
But if the doctor says it's a no-go,
then I have to give up. Right?
As far as the Kikkashou goes—
Not yet!
We can't give up yet!
There's gotta be something we can do.
Teio, I swear, I'll help you become an
undefeated Triple Crown winner!
It's okay.
I mean it.
Teio...
I still can't run at full strength.
So the idea of entering the Kikkashou,
and going up against everyone
in their best condition...
I just couldn't do that.
Thank you for everything, though.
Come on, don't give me that look!
I'm sorry.
Seriously, it's fine.
Hey, Trainer...
What's up?
Kikkashou Registration Form
Spica
Tokai Teio
Can you do me a favor?
Kikkashou
Kyoto Racecourse
Thanks for bringing me.
Sure.
You want something to eat, Teio? My treat.
Then I'll have some grilled carrots,
carrot juice, and a chocolate covered banana.
Wow, could you show some restraint?
Please.
I'll just be a sec.
You're not going to talk to her?
There's no need.
I know Teio isn't the kind of horse girl
to let something like this stop her.
Are you sure it's not that
you can't find the words?
That's harsh of you...
Sorry.
But you're right.
Please...
Keep fighting your way forward, Teio.
It's a beautiful day here
at the Kyoto Racecourse,
but which horse girl will be going
home with the the chrysanthemum medal?
It's a shame how things
turned out for Tokai Teio.
It would've been quite a sight,
seeing her take the Triple Crown.
A lot of attention is focused on Rionatal,
who came in second place at the Derby,
and Nice Nature, who is
currently on a four-win streak.
I have to agree.
They both look very calm.
I think we can expect big things.
All horse girls are now at the gate.
And the Kikkashou...
Kyoto
...is off to a beautiful start!
They've all taken off, as the
pack slowly starts to extend.
In the lead is Nanto Mist,
followed by Shinano Orange,
with K2 Suisan coming up on the inside,
and Rionatal moving up from the outside.
It's started.
The race has started out
a slightly faster pace.
Nice Nature in the back.
She's on a four-win streak, so I think we'll
see something special today.
The crowd's cheers are washing
over these horse girls.
You have to wonder if being
able to keep their cool
will be the determining factor
in who comes out ahead.
If it was me, I'd head to the middle.
Then I'd check things out.
The girl I raced against in the
Derby would be next to me.
And Nature would be behind me,
but I know she'd be coming for me.
It looks like the places are holding
steady as the race continues.
Coming into the third corner,
there'll be an ascent.
Nanto Mist is still leading the way.
I'd hold back here and make
my move on the next corner.
It looks like Nice Nature and Rionatal,
along with Breath Ooon Dance,
#8 in the red, are making their move!
All 18 racers have bunched up again, and
this race is turning out quite remarkably!
Just look at them go!
It's anyone's game!
And this is where I would pick it up!
And get out in front!
And no one can catch up to me.
Prez...
Rionatal is now in the lead!
But Nice Nature is closing in!
I won't let them say it,
I won't, I swear I won't!
I won't let anyone wonder about how this
would've turned out if Teio was running!
I'm not gonna lose to Teio!
We're better than her!
We're better!
I swear we're better!
Go...
Go! Run!
Rionatal! Rionatal!
She crosses the goal in first place!
The Kikkashou was a tight contest,
but she came out on top!
I did it!
Damn it!
Fourth place! Good effort!
It's no fair, how they all looked so cool.
Teio...
Sorry about the holdup. Here you go.
Thanks!
Let's head home.
Hey, Trainer... they were all amazing, huh?
Well, yeah.
They all went into the
Kikkashou with a lot of drive.
The ones who raced you in the Derby...
The ones who fought tooth
and nail to enter...
The same goes for you, right?
Me?
Wasn't all of that hard rehab so
that you could win the Kikkashou
and become an undefeated Triple Crown winner?
I didn't make it in time, though..
Aw, come on, don't look so sad!
I've realized something, you know.
I couldn't win the Triple Crown...
but I haven't lost.
Teio?
So I can still be undefeated, can't I?
Yeah, you're right! You can
be an undefeated horse girl!
Which means I'm gonna need
to come up with a plan
for your training once
you're back in action.
Sounds like fun!
I'm counting on you, trainer!
Yeah, leave it to me!
Please lower your voices while on the train.
Sorry.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today